SCOOP
Whitepaper
01-2018

Table Of Contents:
1.

Introduction
1.1. Problem Overview
1.2. Mission Statement
1.3. Core Objectives
1.4. Stakeholders
1.5. Conceptual Utility

2.

Background & Team

3.

What is Scoop?

4.

Scoop Project Timeline & Stages

5.

4.1.

Introduction

4.2.
4.3.
4.4.

Stage One: The Scoop Genesis Period
Stage Two: The Scoop Evolution Period
Stage Three: The Scoop Expansion Period

The ScoopCoin
5.1.
5.2.
5.3.
5.4.
5.5.

Functionality
ScoopCoin Overview
Potential Revenue Streams
Token Distribution

5.6.

Details On Governance
Potential Revenue Streams

5.7.

Use of proceeds

6.

Architecture

7.

6.1. Definitions
6.2. The Scoop protocol
6.3. Asset Storage
6.4. Review System
6.5. Marketplace Mechanics
6.6. The Scoop node
6.7. Various Publisher Integrations
6.8. Miscellaneous Future Scope
Summary

Abstract
The Scoop network takes pride in being an open, public and universal record keeping system. Not only
does the Scoop system allow the addition and retention of key metadata values associated with an asset
it also keeps an unchangeable and undisputable account of ownership information for a wide range of
digital assets. Initially the digital assets Scoop will look to target, are found within the written content
and stock photography industries.
Scoop is the direct result of the requirements and needs of those users within the marketplaces online
that handle the exchange of ownership, specifically when dealing with digital media assets such as
written content and stock photography; as Scoop feels these are some of the worst affected by the
current setup. Scoops decentralised record keeping and verifiable system will act as the framework for
such marketplaces to be built upon; to ensure that a universally standardised record is created to
encompass all metadata, affiliated ownership records and ensure licensing information is included in
the exchanges and is forever accessible.
It is ever more visible how blockchain technology has made huge steps in changing the face of financial
industries. The introduction of distributed accounting that is inherent with blockchain and
cryptocurrencies has transformed online transactions and has decentralised entire industries in a short
space of time. Scoop is looking to be at the forefront of this revolution as it crosses from the purely
financial, to the real world applications that blockchain technology promises to maximise.
Scoops aim will be to resolve the issues and flaws that currently exist within the entire publishing
industry, by ensuring that factual, legitimately owned and licensed digital media assets can be not only
be decentralised but also openly verifiable. Scoop will also provide a marketplace for these assets to be
exchanged, bought and sold. In addition to this Scoops system will utilise a decentralised token system
for such marketplaces to be based on; ensuring that the benefits of blockchain technology exist
throughout the network.
Important Advisory / Disclaimer: Scoop is undertaking legal assistance and analysing regulatory
parameters of its functionality. Post this analysis, this section and all others would be updated to ensure
compliance to legal and regulatory requirements. This document and the concept of Scoop, its
marketplaces, future implementations and ScoopCoin are all subject to levels of adaptation as the
development progresses, based on the feedback of board members, consumers, development teams
and the Scoop team themselves. If there are any changes in the intended functional aspect of Scoop,
these relevant sections will be edited and an an updated version of the white paper will be uploaded on
the Scoop website.

Introduction
1.1 Problem Overview
Scoop will look to resolve issues found throughout the current digital exchange industries. These issues
revolve around a few key points: Who owns the digital asset, Is this asset reusable or licensable? what
/ who is the original source of this content? and how did it arrive here? Whilst these questions may
seem mundane and easy to answer, when it comes to the correct and fair exchange of digital content
online, the issues these questions raise plague entire industries with stolen data, fair use and legal
disputes over licensing.
Since the inception of the internet, online marketplaces have existed persistently and have provided a
vast array of locations where information, physical goods and digital content can be traded, exchanged
and purchased. All the while, these marketplaces have had to deal with the issue of being unable to
manage a basis to which copyrighted property is able to be exchanged fairly and legally.
At the core of this issue is the current inability to attach useful metadata to assets. Data such as the
assets creator, current ownership, licensing information and more has been vacant from these
exchanges and this inherently has created massive issues and disputes. Even if this level of detailed data
was able to be added to digital assets, in the current systems used, metadata would still be open to
manipulation and modification post creation; making the implementation of this on a non-blockchain
technology null and void.
Ultimately, when a digital publisher wishes to use a certain asset, they are unable to truly verify, at any
stage, whether this asset is: Legitimately Owned, Licensed to allow for repurposing, and verifiable.
Whilst some currently existing marketplaces attempt to act as a central hub for certain industries
(Shutterstock, Getty Images etc), there is still a lack of this metadata and asset history being recorded
and kept truly verifiable, especially when dealing with the asset being used beyond these central hubs.
Scoop when implemented will not only create the ideal framework for attaching this important
metadata to an asset, but will reach far beyond a central hub and will instead allow any and all
marketplaces to have a decentralised and openly verifiable level of detail to digital assets exchanged on
them. This will vastly improve exchanges and data transactions for both the creator and the publisher.

1.2 Current State of the Media
As made clear in the above, some of the worst affected users, as a direct result of the current set up, are
easily those contributors that have vital roles in the media industries. However, when talking directly
about the news and publishing realms; its easy to forget that every single reader and consumer of this
information are too some of the worst affected. Whether that be due to fake-news, misinformation or
clickbait articles. This jumbled sense of news validity and trust ends up boiling down to there being such

a blurred line between what we know is fake and what we dont, that we no longer know which news
sources are reliable, who to trust or even if its still important to care about news being real and truthful.
Due to the high level of fake-news being produced, it is no wonder that so much of the content we see
on some of the leading news publications, sometimes appear to duplicate and reproduce this fake news,
spreading misinformation and made up statistics without even knowing it. Whilst news publications
have an obligation to fact-check and remove false information; a lot of the time this happens
post-publication. Meaning a large number of the audience would have already digested and possible
redistributed this information. A big factor in why this happens is due to the competitive nature of the
news industry and the demand by the readers to have instantaneous information. Unfortunately the
result of this is the readers of these news publications no longer know what is and isnt real and this
leads onto the nightmarish effect of Social Media Echo Chambers. Users are ultimately sharing
information regardless of it being factual because they briefly saw this headline on what they genuinely
believe to be a reputable site.
According to a survey carried out by the Pew Research Center, almost 23% of Americans have shared
some kind of fake information, most of this taking place online. Out of those who shared fake news a
shocking 14% admitted to knowing that the information was fake beforehand and still sharing it.
However, possibly even worst another 16% confessed to have found out the fallibility of the fake news
they spread, after it was shared; but then still did not attempted to remove it.
Whilst this may seem like a no-hope-in-sight scenario, there seems to be a shift taking place where by
content creators, editors, publishers and consumers are all looking to the relevant governments and
administrations to take actions and hold the entire news industry accountable for the level of
misinformation being spread. Not only this, but with the total number of online resources and
communities dedicated to fact-checked, verified news and truthful reporting; growing massively by the
day. It appears the days of mainstream media's current style, set up and structure will have to change
from heavily bias reporting that revolves around being the first to break the news; to truthful
un-opinionated, factual news that has been verified to be credible - as ultimately these articles will begin
to be more and more valuable to consumers and publishers alike

1.3 Mission Statement
Scoop will enable trust, confidence, and genuine value to enter the publishing and digital exchange
industries for all uses end-to-end. Creators, Editors and publishers will be able to effectively verify and
review all data of an assets: Creation, Ownership, Licensing and Item Specific MetaData, allowing for a
smooth transaction and rapid redeployment of these assets.

1.4 Core Objectives
In a nutshell, Scoops objective is to simplify, secure and facilitate the exchange of assets between
content creators, editors, and content publishers; whilst also increasing the incentivisation of these
users by enabling a more accurate value for contribution to flow throughout our processes.
Ultimately, Scoop has very clear and defined objectives that directly relate to current issues within the
digital publishing industries. Those issues revolve around the over-complicated and often inadequate
systems in place for the publishing, licensing and authentication of the assets exchanged online. With
the implementation of Scoop and the desire to achieve these objectives, these marketplaces will see a
greatly improved and simplified process when it comes to being able to validate and verify the assets
integrity, ownership, licensing, analytics, history and other additional specific metadata.

1.5 Stakeholders / Users / Nodes
The Scoop system, whilst open to all digital assets will look to, at its inception, facilitate a group of users
involved in Written Digital Content & Stock Photography.
These users play specific roles and their continued use of the Scoop network play a key role in the
network as a whole:
 Content creators  An individual or group that has created an original digital asset.
 Editors  An individual or group that contributes by editing, validating, fact checking and
disputing content that iterates across the various marketplaces.
 Publishers  An individual or group who ultimately gains the licensing rights to consume,
repurpose and redistribute the content exchanged.

1.6 Conceptual Utility.
The initial or core implementation of Scoops blockchain technology as a way of controlling digital assets
has some fairly obvious uses, even before Scoop has reached its full potential as a decentralised public
marketplace for such content as written articles & stock photography / imagery.
It is relatively straightforward to understand foreseeable uses of Scoops functionality as it is an
incredibly powerful tool when it comes to conflict resolution regarding media assets.
When dealing with the exchange and fair use of these assets, conflicts often arise due to not completely
knowing asset ownership, timeline and integrity.
This is where scoop comes in, by creating a verifiable fingerprint, that results in a very specific and
unique hash.
 Using this metadata and more, the Scoop system then allows publishers and non-creator roles
to instantly know the ownership of the asset without actually having to reveal the data of the
asset itself. (ownership)





There are also timestamps associated with the asset which allows these users to know whether
or not a file existed at a certain point of time and also check the integrity of the asset itself. This
final assertion however is done by the HASH ID itself. (timeline)
As each asset is given a unique hash, if modifications were made to this asset the hash would
change completely; indicating that this is not the original asset and its lack of previous historical
timestamping would show that the integrity of the asset has been compromised. (integrity).

Background & Team

What Is Scoop?
Scoop is an open source project built on the latest blockchain technology to supply the demand for a
much more secure, validated and rewarding asset exchange and licensing process for digital assets
online.
With the evolution of the internet to what is known at Web2.0, came user generated and hosted
content. Whilst this massively advanced the content creation and distribution industries such as Blogs,
Social media, online news publications and more; the level of trust for such generated content has also
decreased over time. This effect has been a result of various demands to have information immediately
available, regardless of its complete validity and factualness, but also from social medias inherent
echo-chamber effect, where viral news with clickbait article headings rule over all. Unfortunately this
has often lead to a distorted and misleading understanding of the current affairs and opinions. For
example the mainstream media was unable to correctly predict and cover recent events such as Brexit
and The US Elections, in part this was a result of misinformation, clickbait articles and the lack of trust
and openness between these industries and their readers.
All the while this level of trust has decreased from a reader / viewer perspective, other areas within
these industries are also suffering with a lack of trust and contributors feeling of unvalued. Content
creators, editors and publishers are also not being provided with the correct level of basic incentivisation
that is truly needed to produce not only factual, valid and well written content; but also content that is
verifiable and readily available for repurposing with the assured knowledge that the correct licensing will
be retained.
Over the years, hubs have been created and provided for these roles (Creator, Editor, Publisher), stock
photography for example has seen many large database systems that provide them with a base to share,
sell and license media. However, the functionality these provide is often limited entirely to that service,
and in a lot of cases is open to manipulation. This is huge strain of resources when conflicts arise and
are often extremely hard to resolve.
To resolve both the issue of misinformation felt in today's first-out-the-gate news climate and the lack of
advanced metadata application to digital media assets; enter Scoop.
By implementing blockchain technology into the solution to these above problems, Scoop will act as a
core platform and framework to allow Digital assets to be timestamped and hashed with an immutable
record and additional metadata with a historical record, ensuring that the integrity of that asset is
retained and verifiable at all times by any person. Scoop will also act as a marketplace that not only
exchanges these assets effectively and fairly with true value being passed to all contributors; but Scoops
marketplaces will also evolve into editorial locations where content is constantly reviewed, edited and
fact checked by the marketplaces Editor users.

This review process will act as a integral mechanism to our marketplace system and will act to massively
increase the trustworthiness and authenticity of all content being produced on the network. Through a
system of Stake & Reward, creators will be able to stake ScoopCoin on their assets in order to provide a
level of proof to others that this content is accurate and to a high standard. This stake will be lost to the
creator and instead distributed to the reviewers of the asset. However, if the piece of content is
accepted, this stake is returned and the sale value is shared accordingly to the creator and those editors
/ reviewers involved.
This process whilst relatively simple to imagine, should be a constant development point of our
marketplace frameworks as it is ultimately a core element when combating the issues of fake news and
validity of content.
This review process when combined with the advanced record keeping will see content creators through
to publishers having an open platform where asset verifiability and fair value of content are paramount.
These users will be able to sell and purchase these digital assets efficiently and with true value being
shared to those contributors who matter most.
Scoop will also look to constantly develop its ability to integrate with a range of dApps and CMS systems,
allowing other 3rd parties to have access to its immutable records and marketplace technology.

Scoop Project Timeline & Stages
4.1 Timeline Introduction
Scoop has a outlined a clear strategy involving three separate stages of development that will ensure
that the solutions provided at all stages are in the best interest of the stakeholders and contributors.
These stages: Genesis, Evolution and Expansion will see Scoop grow rapidly in value and worth for the
Scop team and investors, as well as those industries Scoop will look to improve.
Scoops first stage: Genesis  will see the implementation of timestamping & hashing of assets, creating a
record keeping system of immutable data for digital assets. This Genesis stage will also see the rise of
marketplaces in the written media and stock imagery industries to allow those most affected by current
technology to begin actively gaining value for their work.
Moving onto the second stage: Evolution, Scoop will see a shift to ensuring that this content and these
marketplaces adhere to strict guidelines, policies and review processes that will maximise the integrity
and authenticity of all assets available on it. The mechanics implemented at this stage will have great
consequences for the value of the Scoop system as this editorial process increases the total number of
transactions across the network and will create a more diverse flow of value for all contributors of the
system.
The final stage: Expansion is an unlimited end-game scenario of developing integrations and extension
that opens Scoop up to constantly be accessed by third party software and services, in turn resulting in a
much larger distributed and decentralised network where industry that requires this functionality, will
have open access to it.

Figure: Scoops current expected Road Map - This is still under consideration and open to adaptation.

4.2 Stage one: The Scoop Genesis Period
The Scoop Genesis Period will be the largest implementation throughout the project and will launch
Scoop off with a range of key functionality that will enable Scoops value to increase dramatically. With
Genesis comes Smart Contracts and Scoops core time-stamping & Hashing functionality - the immutable
record keeping system and metadata attachment will become available for use to content creators and
publishers to begin submitting to, searching through and accessing asset data within the Scoop Platform.
Already adding great value to these users.
At this stage we will also implement our initial Marketplaces that will cover: written content & stock
imagery. This will provide all contributors to the Scoop network the ability to actively interact and
submit claims to the system. Buying and selling their content using the ScoopCoin ecosystem. We will
look to bolster our marketplaces and grow their user base rapidly, increasing the transactions taking
place and the value of the Scoop & ScoopCoin systems.
The combination of these two core bits of functionality being implemented during Genesis will
ultimately arrive Scoop close to its own endgame position; a stable platform of decentralised news and
image distribution using an open marketplace of verifiable and authentic content to ensure a beneficial
transaction process for all contributors to the process; importantly including: the end consumer /
reader.
Features Available:
- Blockchain implementation;
- Smart Contracts Implemented.
- File system Implemented,
- Front end & Back end of core Scoop dashboard Implemented.
- Various user types and their relative functionality implemented.
- Timestamping, hashing, metadata, historical record keeping, smart contracts, UI and login
systems
- Marketplaces available to exchange, buy and sell content and asset licensing.
Use Cases:
- News / Articles / Written Content: Selling, Licensing & Publishing.
- Stock Photography Selling, Licensing & Publishing.
- Music.
4.3 Stage two: The Scoop Evolution Period
The Scoop Evolution Period / Stage will ultimately act as a refinement process, whereby the systems and
marketplaces currently in position will be modified and bolstered with additional functionality, giving a
clearly visible benefit to its users and contributors.
With the marketplaces being used by active contributors and with content being produced, sold and
exchanged across our network, its at this stage that we will look to reward such contributors by
providing additional resources that allow them to gain and profit from Scoop as a whole.

For example, at the evolution stage the Scoop Team will look to implement two additional core features
that will greatly enhance the user experience for Content Creators, Editors & Publishers alike. These
implementations are for the: Content Review System and the Reputation System. - This addition of
systems will not only greatly enhance the quality of the content produced across the network but will
also incentivise the entire process is a multitude of ways.
Review system implementations will increase and enhance the quality of the content produced and
allowed to make it through to the marketplace in the first place, and with the addition of the reputation
system we can now assess whether a particularly piece of work has been written by a credible author
and even then see if it has been reviewed by people with credible profiles.
These evolutions to our basic marketplace model will eventually be at the absolute core of what will
make our marketplaces some of the most genuinely rewarding and respectfully valued in these key
industries.
We will also build in additional functionality to our systems that will actively play on these Reputation &
Review additions. Our Marketplaces will begin allowing further display ordering and output refinement
based on these additional bits of data, whilst looking to remove spam and malicious information that
may be finding its way to our marketplaces.
Another thing to note here is that we will also be looking to implement similar but not the same types of
system across our Stock Imagery marketplaces in an attempt to reduce spam and increase credibility
and quality.
4.4 Stage three: The Scoop Expansion Period
This final stage will sprawl from product completion into the distant future scope of this project. This is
due to the fact that we are looking to rapidly produce the core functionality at the heart of scoop and
this expansion stage will be the follow up to this.
However, this is still an absolutely vital milestone to reach as this is when our development and content
creation will be solely focused on making the Scoop Framework, its resources and its marketplaces as
accessible by external companies and services as possible.
The Scoop team will look to introduce a much more open-plan set up, with API access, Plug-in
integration and a whole range of tutorials and documentation to accompany these integrations.
The reason this is of such vital requirement is that this future interpretability will massively help and
benefit those users still stuck in our key industries dealing with high fees and exceptional rates with very
low conversion percentages.
It will also allow Scoop Coins value as an integral part of a growing network to rise over time.

At its core, the Scoop Expansion period will look to support 3rd Party services and organisations to have
access to our system and data; giving functional access to Submit, Review & Modify all of the data across
the Scoop network.

SCOOPCOIN
5.1 Functionality
Introducing the ScoopCoin Token is a vital part of Scoops development as it will ultimately allow the
transactions and exchanges across the various networks to be able to hold a value and also to enable
the network of contributors to be incentivised to participate and contribute at every stage.
The ScoopCoin token is also vitally important for the future development of the scoop platform as a
whole.
As stated in the above sections, Scoop will iterate through clear and separate stages as it manifests itself
in ever changing ways. At each of these stages, the way in which the ScoopCoin will be applied will be
forever increasing its value for all those using the Scoop network & ScoopCoin token. At the same time,
the use of this coin at the second stage where the review elements are introduced will greatly increase
the level of detail and accuracy that will be found throughout Scoops content  this is due to the reward
process ensuring only the best and most accurate content is sold and rewarded.
While this Whitepaper does not preclude the Scoop team from offering holders of ScoopCoins a share of
the fees and revenue generated from the commercial applications of Scoop network, such offer, if any,
and the extent thereof, will be at the sole and absolute discretion of the Scoop team. Accordingly, there
is no assurance whatsoever as to whether such offer will be made and holders of ScoopCoin should have
no expectation of receiving any such offer. In the premises, no ScoopCoin should be construed,
interpreted, classified or= treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate
in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with the Scoop
platform, the ScoopCoin or the proceeds of the ScoopCoin sale (as described in this Whitepaper), or to
receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns.
The ScoopCoin is an ERC20 compatible token, built on the Ethereum blockchain for wide compatibility
with existing wallets, exchanges, smart contracts and other financial infrastructure.

5.2 ScoopCoin Overview
Total tokens

1,000,000,000

Ticker

SCOOP

Type

ERC20

Inflation

None

Token sale start

March 15th 2018

Sale length

350 Days

5.3 Token Distribution
The ScoopCoin token distribution will be run on the Ethereum blockchain. A total of 1,000,000,000 (1
Billion) ScoopCoin will be available for distribution. The first 20% (200 million) will be distributed in the
first 10 days. Followed by the additional 700,000,000 which will be distributed over a 340 day period in
increments of 2,000,000 every 23 hours. 100,000,000 (100 million) ScoopCoin will be reserved for the
Scoop founding team. The incoming funds will be used in accordance within the Funds Usage table reference Fig 5.4.0. In the following section.

5.3.1 Initialising a Community
In order to kickstart the Scoop platform with new content pieces, a specific number of Scoop
accounts are created and pre-seeded with ScoopCoin tokens. These accounts will be created
before the launch of main net and will get new users in the initial phase of the project. These early users
of the account will be accounted for and rewarded for their contribution as per token distribution.
5.3.2 Pre-Sale (First 10 Days)
Of the 1 Billion ScoopCoin available, 20% of tokens will be distributed in the first 10 days. This first
200,000,000 ScoopCoin that will be sold, will be done to provide an incentive for those early investors as
it will provide a larger return of tokens with a larger purchase window.
5.3.3 Daily Token Distribution (Remaining 340 Days)
Following the initial 20% token distribution over the first 10 day period well be distributing 2,000,000
ScoopCoin every 23 hours for a total of 340 days. This equates to 700,000,000 ScoopCoin. The
ScoopCoin token sale will require a minimum transaction of 0.1 ETH in order to participate and general
public can participate in the sale. There will be no maximum transaction amount. If any tokens are left
unsold after the crowdfunding, they will be sent to ScoopCoin holding.
5.3.4 Founders
One hundred million (100,000,000) or 10% of the total ScoopCoin tokens to be distributed will be
reserved for Scoop founding team as the developer of the Scoop.com software. This 10% cannot be
traded or transferred on the Ethereum network for the entire distribution period.
5.3.5 Bounty Program
A token supply of 1% will be separately kept by Scoop for the general bounty program. This program will
allow users to gain rewards by submitting genuine bugs and errors found within the Scoop platform.
Each valid submission will be assessed and for each issue discovered the first to report this will gain a
reward.

This program will be open for all whod like to participate and will terminate on the last day of
crowdfunding. ScoopCoin tokens earned through the bounty program will take place within the first
week of the end of crowdfunding.

5.4 FUNDS USAGE
General and Administrative

35%

Product Development

40%

Legal

10%

Marketing & Operations

10%

Miscellaneous

5%

Fig 5.4.0
5.4.1 General & Administrative
The costs associated with this business that allows it to function smoothly such as infrastructure rent,
consultation charges, office equipment costs and depreciation, supplies and utilities.
5.4.2 Product Development
Funds associated with creation and maintenance of the overall product including server charges,
development tools and salary of the individuals
5.4.3 Branding & Marketing
The charges of communication and delivery of the firms values to its users including outreach via PR,
media, community building and online channels etc.
5.4.4 Legal
As the name suggests, the costs incurred in companys legal work such as company setup and legal
advices
5.4.5 Miscellaneous
Costs such as travel, stay or attending events are termed as miscellaneous costs

5.5 Details On Governance
Upon the final development stage of the Scoop project, a governance will be passed to the community
that reviews the content according to already established guidelines. These guidelines and rules which

are used to assess the articles will be governed by a community. The members of the community will be
able to hold votes in order to test the overall effectiveness of the guidelines.
The members of the community will also have the choice of suggesting and proposing additional points
for better quality of the content. The core team will not be allowed to hold the ownership of the content
policies which makes the communitys role even more significant.
Scoop is a private entity and therefore, the platforms protocol will be under the control of the core
team. Any and everyone will be allowed to contribute to additions and fixes to the platform as the team
will open-source the smart contracts. Also, the community will be allowed with the ability to fork the
Scoop protocol and thus, individuals will be able to host the nodes on the network. The condition of a
fork can be allowed by getting the needed support of the community.

5.6 Potential Revenue Streams
To expand on the above breakdown of Scoopcoin, we must first discuss the various ways throughout the
development cycle, of which the ScoopCoin will contribute value whilst also gaining value and providing
Scoop with a legitimate revenue stream.
It is clear that in the first Stage, Genesis, Scoop through the use of fees during the licensing stage and
process, will be able to extract a viable revenue stream from the continuous record updating and record
checking functionality. Creating a licensed asset with an extensive historical and immutable record that
is freely available to be searched and metadata accessed, will ensure a consistent revenue stream.
In the genesis stage, the marketplace implementation and all of its inherent transactions via sales,
exchanges, licensing will carve out a clear revenue stream.
In the second stage of development, the evolution stage. The introduction of the review process will
look to greatly enhance and bolster the existing revenue being sourced via the marketplaces. With this
additional functionality comes Stake & Reward systems as well as bidding opportunities within editors 
this marketplace evolution  will be a clear and easy way to increase currently existing revenue
streams.

5.7 Use of Proceeds
Proceeds will need to be allocated and used in the correct and most effective way, in Scoops case, all
funding will look to be spent on future / further development on Scoops systems and integrations. This
ultimately means that this funding will not only be used for salaries, but also the suggested bug-bounty
set up.

SCOOP ARCHITECTURE
6.1 Definitions of Scoop Architecture Terminology.












Title

Offer


When a user claims or states ownership of an asset, this claim is called a title.
A content creator is able to produce a claim that their relevant asset is available for
licensing and specify what is required to license this media. This claim is specifically
called an offer.

Claim
 When a statement is made on the Scoop platform, this is called a claim.
Notary
 When a user publishes a certification that verifies the claims made by others, this action
results in this user being called a Notary.
License
 A license simply put is a specific claim that outlines whether someone is given
permission and within strict guidelines, is allowed to license, repurpose or publish this
asset.
Revocation
 The process / functionality of which withdraws / revokes an issued or licensed asset.
Albeit rare, this mechanics is in place in case of error or circumstances.
Certification
 A specific claim that references another claim. Ultimately a certification provides clear
confirmation that a license and usage is correct.

6.2 The Scoop Protocol
Before Scoop reaches its full potential as a game-changing marketplace solution to key and desperate
industries; Scoops core functionality of time-stamping and hashing will be developed in full. At the core
of this development is the Scoop Protocol.
This protocol has been considered and minified where possible to make it a concise and easily
understandable process for development and use purposes.
At the center of our system is the basic element of a Claim - all this is, is a message that is issued to the
Scoop network; this message is coupled with additional metadata and cryptographic details such as:
Sender Public Key, Signature, Message (which itself can store all sorts of additional metadata such as
timestamping and immutable record keeping)

To ensure that the Scoop system was not only viable but scalable whilst still being affordable
economically and having high fees does not achieve this. Therefore, this functionality has been
considered at length and as a result Scoop will look to hash together as a set, multiple claims being
issued on the network. (This is done by hashing the set into OP_RETURN Outputs)
Another attempt to resolve the inherently expensive fees produced by blockchain storage of assets and
in depth metdadata; Scoop will look to implement a decentralised and distributed file storage system for
large files such as Assets, Content, Metadata. Outlined initially is the IPFS or Interplanetary File System.
Ultimately this file system will allow users with valid and verifiable access to these assets; to gain access
securely. Due to the hashing method being a one-way function, this asset data cannot be extracted in
reverse; instead the IPFS will come into play and instead a user will use their hash to be provided with
access to the resources via an indirect method.
This can be summarized as:

Figure: Progress diagram for claims.
Once a claim has been made on the network, it can be queried and checked on through interaction with
a Scoop node or any other system such as marketplaces accessing the Scoop framework.
This process is similar to add certifications to a claim, or revoke a claim, or even signal that a claim is
available to be licensed; otherwise known as an offer.

6.3 Asset Storage
An aspect of our architecture that we have had to consider is where are the assets themselves, once on
the marketplace platforms, are going to be stored. For this we plan to further our decentralized
mandate and implement IPFS (Inter Planetary File System)  this distributed peer-to-peer file system will
serve as the perfect coupling for the assets storage themselves.
From this storage location users will be able to develop and expand on huge portfolios of content and
work whilst being provided with the additional security that comes a system with no central authority or
single points of failure.

6.4 Review System
The review system that has been discussed previously will be a key mechanic to achieve one of our
primary objects  to ensure content is factual and valid.
The Scoop Review Process will involve Creators, Editors and then ultimately consumers / publishers.
Using a steak & reward system at every level, the potential flow of how Scoop sees this working best
would involve users signing into a marketplace dashboard UI and each going to their own relevant set of
functions per role. For example, a content writer that has now signed in and is faced with their
dashboard would proceed to complete the following flow:











A content creator uploads their written article to the marketplace platform.
They are provided with the timestamping, hashing and metadata functionality for their asset.
The creator is then able to select how much they would be looking to sell the content on the
marketplace. The creator must also be willing to share a percentage of the article sale value with
reviewers if the article is sold (maximum 90%).
From this total, a stake is taken. (Maximum stake is 10% of the article)
Using ScoopCoin, this stake acts as proof of validity, authenticity and as a deposit.
Our review process will then assign 7 Randomly selected, currently available and active editors
to review this content.
Once the review process is complete, if the majority of these reviews APPROVE the content; this
article is then placed onto the marketplace to then be sold. Once this is sold, the writer is
provided with the sale value, minus the agreed upon % reward for review  this is shared evenly
amongst all correct voting reviewers.
Once the review process is complete, if the majority of these reviewers REJECT the content; this
article is then put into a NEEDS REVIEW stage. The stake put up by the writer will at this point
be shared amongst the correctly voting reviewers.

Figure: The Scoop Written Article Review Process
Scoop has intentionally placed large emphasis on our community driven, decentralised approval systems
for the content exchanged on our marketplaces. Scoop understands that the review process is important
to ensuring that sellers and buyers are only dealing with factual, verified, and authentic content. This is
exactly why we will take steps to ensure that content is reviewed by an active and ever growing
community of incentivised and driven editors who will be eager to ensure efficient scrutiny of content.
By incentivising this review process and allowing the reviewers to gain a fair reward for their efforts
regardless of the contents marketplace outcome; we guarantee that when a piece of content is
submitted for the review, there are ready and waiting content editors available to carry out this review
as instantaneously as possible. Content creators themselves will to benefit from this review process, as
work that has been reviewed will be listed and featured higher and more clearly on the marketplaces;
increasing the chances of converting to a sale for them.
We understand that writers need this level of speed from submission to sale, as the news industry is
built upon the requirement of publishing news first; but we also understand that the need for publishers
to have confidence in the quality and credibility of work provided is also important. This is why we feel
giving emphasis to rewarding our reviewer community is vital to providing a better marketplace
experience for all.
One thing to consider is that different implementations of this review system will be required for our
varying marketplaces, whilst the theme of rewarding our editors and reviewers will be consistently at
the core of them. Highlighting our initially proposed marketplace industries: Written Content & Imagery.



Written Content Marketplace - this review process will be based around a majority vote system
that takes into account the individual votes of 7 people editors. These anonymous editors will be
chosen based on them bidding on a selected asset within the bid-window. This bid window is
specified by the content creator and allows editors to bid against one another to be in the top 7
highest bids and ultimately review the content. The value of these successful bids will be
distributed amongst those reviewers that correctly vote at the end of the review process. If the
window is passed, a first-come-first-serve system is implemented. During the review process, all
anonymous reviewers will be presented with the same content and will be required to make a
quick but informed decision on the quality of the content.



Stock Imagery Marketplace - this review process will again rely on the majority vote system.
However, these images will need to be manually reviewed and will require users taking steps to
check the authenticity of the asset. Ultimately to prove or disprove wether this is a duplicate of
an existing image. Due to these additional steps required for the review process. Therefore we
will only look to have these assets reviewed by 3 people and the time expected for the review
process to take will be greater for images.

Scoops evolution and expansion stages are exciting stages for Scoop because of the above level of detail
our marketplace evolution will entail. We will optimise this process by continuously advancing the
mechanics of this incensed system. We fully intend and expect, due to the sheer number of active users
we will accumulate within our community, that our review process will be almost instantaneous,
happening in a matter of minutes. But Scoop will also consider implementing our reputation system in
such a way that it will allow those trusted and valued members of our content creation community to
have a, relative to their reputation, portion of their content gain an approved status whilst bypassing
this review stage all together.
Note: Scoop plans to implement at its Evolution and Expansion stages, reputation systems that will play a
part in deciding how the reward money is split and distributed amongst the reviewers to ensure that
higher quality reviewers are rewarded accordingly.

6.5 Scoop Marketplace Mechanics
After initial inception, Scoops core functionality will beneficially expand into a platform on which
various marketplaces can be built. Initially the Scoop Team will look to, as mentioned before, resolve the
conflicts and issues that arise when dealing with digital media assets in the Written Content & Publishing
Industries as well as the Stock Imagery Industries.
Scoops Marketplaces for such assets will revolve around providing a fast and secure method of selling
and buying content all the while ensuring that the content is authentic and correctly licensed. These
provisions will be undisputable and historically recorded due to the immutable nature of the blockchain
technology we look to implement. Creators will be safe in the knowledge that their content is being used
by those authorised to do so, and anyone else using content will have no ability to defend themselves in

conflict. Additionally, Publishers will be able to buy and repurpose and distribute articles and images
that they know with certainty they have been allowed to do so; with undeniable evidence that their
license permits the use of this article.

With these core consumers satisfied with the level of assurance in our marketplaces, we will then look
to introduce the review based architecture that will facilitate content review and editing; this process
will be vital to ensuring that content found throughout our marketplaces, is given a much higher priority
and position; when it has been fact-checked and reviewed by those editors who find their own positive
reputation to be vital.
Content that has not been reviewed will be sorted amongst itself; and ordered accordingly. The content
that has gone through the review process and been successful will be sorted amongst other successfully
reviewed content and as a result will be most likely to be sold.

The marketplaces objectives include the need for information exchange to be fast. Publishers wish to
post the most accurate news as soon as possible; due to the nature of the industry. Therefore our
system has got to provide a rapid process for submitting, reviewing, selling and publishing content - this
is exactly what we will look to achieve with Scoops Marketplaces.

6.5 Scoop Technology Stack
A combination of Ethereum smart contracts, IPFS, and ZeroNet will form the Scoops network.
Smart Contracts:
Solidity based smart contracts are utilized to store verified and accepted articles, thus forming a
published article feed in Ethereum. The Scoop System aims to make use of smart contracts in order to
handle the review processes and payments structure.
IPFS:
Interplanetary file system refers to an overall peer-to-peer network that allows storage and retrieval of
hypermedia. Upon scaling of the platform, the quantity of gas needed to store articles becomes less
cost-efficient. Therefore, a hash pointer is used as a reference to its contents in the IPFS.
ZERONET:
ZeroNet is a decentralized network which will be used to ensure availability of Scoops web application.
ZeroNet functions by seeding data (web application and hosting nodes using the data in Scoop). Hosting
nodes or peers download and upload the Scoop application between each other. Across the Scoop
network, nodes are widely spread in different geographical regions having complete copies of the
application. Contributors can directly connect to the public hosting nodes themselves or by navigating to
Scoops domain and letting Scoop find an available hosting node.
Upon downloading the Scoop app from the domain, anyone can become a hosting node. On becoming a
hosting node, the contributors get connected to nearby peers and can start seeding the Scoop web app.

6.6 Scoop Node:
A Scoop Node is made up of the following microservices:
The microservices inside a Scoop node communicate with each other via RabbitMQ and Scoop.
Scoop nodes communicate with each other via the Ethereum blockchain and BitTorrent
protocol.


ClaimSet Creator: Exposes an API for the creation of claims, groups together multiple claims
created by users over short periods of time (minutes to an hour) into a single claim set, hashes
and timestamps this claim set onto the blockchain and passes the claim set to the torrent
subsystem and claim processor.









Torrent Service: Responsible for downloading and seeding torrents and notifying other
subsystems when new information is ready to be consumed.
Ethereum Scanner: Scans the Ethereum blockchain (both on an ongoing basis and retroactively)
looking for valid Scoop transactions.
Claim Processor: Coordinates the Ethereum scanner and the torrent subsystem, enriches
claimset information with blockchain confirmation information and stores the information in a
database.
Trusted Claim System: Processes information from the claim processor and filters out only those
claims that are certified by trusted notaries. The output of this is a curated database of trusted
claims.
Copyright Domain Subsystem: Applies the domain-specific rules to the information gathered by
the trusted claim system and exposes the information with a RESTful API.

6.7 Publisher Integrations
During and after the Scoop Expansion Period, we expect there to be a growing number of ways for users,
developers and other businesses to access and submit assets to the Scoop blockchain. Some, but not
limited to, of these are:
 Scoop will look to spend time developing popular CMS plugin integrations that allow access to
tools & services users are already familiar with. (Wordpress, Django, Drupal) as well as RSS
feeds, social media and a broad range of code libraries to allow those able to tap into the Scoop
system.
 The content can be submitted to the Scoop blockchain via our UI and our marketplace upload
process.
 We will also look to establish many partners going forward and in doing so will look to provide
mass import functionality via regular existing methods such as database imports, websites or
apis.

6.8 Miscellaneous Future Scope
The scope of Scoop will expand once escapes the beta stage and is ready to be launched as a commercial
product. We will look to investigate and possible implement some of the following in the near future:
 Getting dedicated applications built on iOS and Android platforms that provide the overall
functionality of the system rather than one of its part
 Making a Scoop community groups which will have access to a portion of ScoopCoins to be
distributed to the some of our most active users to further incentivise them in order to keep the
network up and running
 Live streaming important and exclusive events.
 Allowing writers to boost their articles in the main feed by paying ScoopCoins.
 Increasing the scope of the network to an international level with a variety of global and local
news and languages

Summary
This Whitepaper was produced by the Scoop team with the purpose of clearly outlining the issues we
feel are prevalent in key online industries; and proposing what we believe are ideal solutions that
harness the latest in blockchain technology. With this white paper and the development ahead, we will,
as a team, not only look to add value to our product that most benefits its contributors / users. But we
will also establish Scoop and its services in a way that returns the greatest value for stakeholders,
owners and initial investors.
With Scoops inception and development will come enhancements to Digital Asset Exchanges,
specifically written and imagery. These enhancements to Asset Ownership, Licensing, Record Keeping,
Security, Legal Dispute Processes and much more will certainly be much needed and warmly welcomed
by the active economic community that feel they are currently at a disadvantage.
We feel that Scoops choices of technology, such as the blockchain implementation and distributed file
systems, along with our consideration of those users we wish to subscribe to our services; will yield the
best results in a range of beneficial ways that we feel are clear and easy to understand.
A single one of these benefits to mention, that is simply an inherent trait of the system we wish to
introduce is the removal of extortion from the current digital media asset exchange industries. With
these hubs monopolising the locations where this content is currently sold online; has come high fees,
ridiculous monthly subscription services and over-priced editorial teams. Due to the nature of the
decentralisation and the stake & reward systems, fees will be massively reduced and users are
incentivised from the get-go, rewarded for their work and contribution and then this value is iterated
throughout the network. For example, editors will have an abundance of content for them to review,
and will be paid fairly for their work regardless of the contents final outcome. Resulting in there no
longer being a need to supply a bog-standard overpriced editing fee to a freelance profile.
Increased security along with actively keeping historical records of ownership and authenticity, will allow
the smooth and trustworthy exchange and use of assets. Licensing will be fair, concise and clearly
outlined from content creator to publisher meaning that all those who wish to use such assets will be
solely accountable. Our marketplace implantation during the genesis stage will allow value to flow
through the digital media creation industries; giving a real sense of worth and reward to all contributors.
Writers will be able to sell their own work, with no fear of infringement, editors will have a place to
review content where their opinion is valued and rewarded accordingly; and publishers will have free
reign of a wealth of content and assets that will not only be vastly cheaper due to the removal off high
fees, but also these publishers will be assured that their licensing permissions are authentic and
genuine; with no need to fear of later legal ramifications.
One of the most pressing issues that is having an impact in nearly every niche and industry in the world,
not to mention across nearly every news & media organisation, is fake news - this current disconnect
between the writers and the readers is having huge ramifications that many still struggle to understand;

however it is easy to understand why it is happening. With every news article and headline being more
and more time-critical, comes the demand to have news and assets produced, edited and licensed as
soon as possible. This is where Scoop comes in.
Scoop will enable content creators and publishers to expedite this whole process and make it a lot more
concise and trust worthy. Producing a piece of content at the end that is valid, factual, edited, authentic
and legally licensed and ready for repurposing in rapid succession. No longer will content be stolen,
re-written, adapted; when readily available original content is waiting in a marketplace where proof of
ownership is a key function.
If you have read this Whitepaper, and you understand the issues outlined and can see the benefits of
our proposed solutions, the entire Scoop team would recommend you contact us today to get involved.

IMPORTANT NOTICE
This whitepaper (Whitepaper) in current form is being circulated by the Scoop team (as referred to in this
Whitepaper) for general information and to invite community feedback only on the Scoop project as
presently conceived, and is subject to review and revision by the Board of Directors (as referred to in this
Whitepaper), the board of advisers and/or legal advisers of the Scoop team. Please do not replicate or
distribute any part of this Whitepaper without this note in accompaniment. No part of this Whitepaper is
intended to create legal relations between a recipient of this Whitepaper or to be legally binding or
enforceable by such recipient against the Scoop team. An updated version of this Whitepaper may be
published on a date to be determined and announced by the Scoop team in due course.
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION AND THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS ENTITLED DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY,
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU,
CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO
CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS, TERMS USED, NO ADVICE, NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR
UPDATE, RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION, NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR
REGISTRATION AND RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CAREFULLY.IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE
ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER
PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
The ScoopCoin are not intended to constitute securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a
collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not
constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of
any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment, or
a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. While this Whitepaper does not preclude the
Scoop team from offering holders of ScoopCoin a share of the fees and revenue generated from the
commercial applications of Scoop network, such offer, if any, and the extent thereof, will be at the sole and
absolute discretion of the Scoop team. Accordingly, there is no assurance whatsoever as to whether such offer
will be made and holders of ScoopCoin should have no expectation of receiving any such offer. In the
premises, no ScoopCoin should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any
opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising
from or in connection with the Scoop platform, the ScoopCoin or the proceeds of the ScoopCoin sale (as
described in this Whitepaper), or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or
returns.
This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any advice to sell, or any solicitation of
any offer by the Scoop team to purchase any ScoopCoin nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its
presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.

The Scoop team will deploy all proceeds of sale of the ScoopCoin to support ongoing development and growth
of the Scoop network.

No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and
purchase of the ScoopCoin and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of
this Whitepaper.
Any agreement as between the Scoop team and you as a purchaser, and in relation to any sale and purchase,
of ScoopCoin (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only a separate document setting out
the terms and conditions (the T&Cs) of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the
T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.
THE ScoopCoin SALE (AS REFERRED TO IN THIS WHITEPAPER) IS INTENDED FOR, MADE TO OR
DIRECTED AT ONLY PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE REPUBLIC OF
SINGAPORE AND MAY BE ACTED UPON ONLY BY PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
AND THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO
PURCHASE ANY SCOOPCOIN IN THE ScoopCoin SALE IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA OR THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE AT THE TIME OF YOUR INTENDED PURCHASE/PURCHASE
OF SCOOPCOIN IN THE TOKEN SALE. YOU ARE ALSO NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO PURCHASE
ANY SCOOPCOIN IN THE ScoopCoin SALE IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN, RESIDENT (TAX OR OTHERWISE),
DOMICILED IN, OR GREEN CARD HOLDER OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR A CITIZEN,
DOMICILED IN, OR RESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No
such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The
publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
There are risks and uncertainties associated with the Scoop team and its business and operations, the
ScoopCoin, the Scoop team token sale and the Scoop network (each as referred to in this Whitepaper).
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country
where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section
and the following sections entitled Disclaimer of Liability, No Representations and Warranties,
Representations and Warranties By You, Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements, Third Party
Information and No Consent of Other Persons, Terms Used, No Advice, No Further Information or
Update, Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination, No Offer of Investment Or Registration and
Risks and Uncertainties.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, the Scoop team shall not be
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or
otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out
of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
The Scoop team does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or
undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or

undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this
Whitepaper.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the
case may be), you represent and warrant to the Scoop team as follows:
a.

you agree and acknowledge that the ScoopCoin do not constitute securities of any form, units in a
business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any
jurisdiction;

b.

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document
of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business
trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of investment in any jurisdiction, or a
solicitation for any form of investment, and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding
legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of
this Whitepaper;

c.

you acknowledge and understand that:
i.
while this Whitepaper does not preclude the Scoop team from offering holders of ScoopCoin
a share of the fees and revenue generated from the commercial applications of Scoop
network, such offer, if any, and the extent thereof, will be at the sole and absolute discretion
of the Scoop team;
ii.
here is no assurance whatsoever as to whether such offer will be made and holders of
ScoopCoin should have no expectation of receiving any such offer; and
iii.
no ScoopCoin should be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or
according any opportunity to, purchasers to participate in or receive profits, income, or
other payments or returns arising from or in connection with the Scoop platform, the
ScoopCoin or the proceeds of the ScoopCoin sale (as described in this Whitepaper), or to
receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns;

d.

you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the
information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory
requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this
Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have
been complied with;

e.

you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the
Scoop team token sale, or future trading of the ScoopCoin on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not
be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the Scoop team, the
ScoopCoin, the Scoop team token sale, the Scoop protocol or platform and the Scoop network (each
as referred to in this Whitepaper);

f.

the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or
acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or
rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you
have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to
the Scoop team;

g.

you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any ScoopCoin the
ScoopCoin are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:
i.
any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;
ii.
debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity;
iii.
rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;
iv.
rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended
purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss
v.
units in a collective investment scheme;
vi.
units in a business trust;
vii.
derivatives of units in a business trust; or
viii.
any other security, class of securities or form of investment;

h.

you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any ScoopCoin if you are a
citizen, resident (tax or otherwise), domiciled in, or green card holder of the United States of America
or a citizen, domiciled in, or resident (tax or otherwise) of the Republic of Singapore or a person who
is located in the United States of America or the Republic of Singapore at the time of your intended
purchase of ScoopCoin in the token sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper);

i.

you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission
mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software
systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology
and smart contract technology;

j.

you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any ScoopCoin,
there are risks associated with Scoop team and its respective business and operations, the ScoopCoin,
the Scoop team token sale, the Scoop platform or protocol and the Scoop network (each as referred
to in the Whitepaper);

k.

you agree and acknowledge that the Scoop team is not liable for any indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to
loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any
acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and

l.

all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and non-misleading
from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof
(as the case may be).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by
the public and oral statements that may be made by the Scoop team or its directors, executive officers or
employees acting on behalf of the Scoop team (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact,
constitute forward-looking statements.

Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as aim, target, anticipate,
believe, could, estimate, expect, if, intend, may, plan, possible, probable, project, should,

would, will or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying
forward-looking statements. All statements regarding the Scoop teams financial position, business strategies,
plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which the Scoop team is in are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to the Scoop teams
revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed
in this Whitepaper regarding the Scoop team are matters that are not historical facts, but only predictions.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the Scoop team to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others:
a.

changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the
regulatory environment in the countries in which the Scoop team conducts its respective businesses
and operations;

b.

the risk that the Scoop team may be unable to execute or implement their respective business
strategies and future plans;

c.

changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies;

d.

changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of the Scoop team;

e.

changes in the availability and fees payable to the Scoop team in connection with its businesses and
operations;

f.

changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by the Scoop team to operate
their respective businesses and operations;

g.

changes in preferences of users of the Scoop platform;

h.

changes in competitive conditions under which the Scoop team operate, and the ability of the Scoop
team to compete under such conditions;

i.

changes in the future capital needs of the Scoop team and the availability of financing and capital to
fund such needs;

j.

war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;

k.

occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of God that affect the businesses
and/or operations of the Scoop team;

l.

other factors beyond the control of the Scoop team; and

m. any risk and uncertainties associated with the Scoop team and its businesses and operations, the
ScoopCoin, the Scoop team token sale and the Scoop network (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).

All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to the Scoop team or persons acting on behalf of the
Scoop team are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that
may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of the Scoop team to be materially different
from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue
reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of
the date of this Whitepaper.
Neither the Scoop team nor any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future
results, performance or achievements of the Scoop team will be as discussed in those forward-looking
statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Scoop team may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as
to the future performance or policies of the Scoop team.
Further, the Scoop team disclaims any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or
publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events
or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER PERSONS
This Whitepaper includes information obtained from various third party sources (Third Party
Information). None of the publishers of the Third Party Information has consented to the inclusion of the
Third Party Information in this Whitepaper and is therefore not liable for the Third Party Information. While
the Scoop team has taken reasonable action to ensure that the Third Party Information have been included in
their proper form and context, neither the Scoop team, nor its directors, executive officers and employees
acting on its behalf, has independently verified the accuracy, reliability, completeness of the contents, or
ascertained any applicable underlying assumption, of the relevant Third Party Information. Consequently,
neither the Scoop team nor its directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any
representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of such information and shall not
be obliged to provide any updates on the same.
TERMS USED
To facilitate a better understanding of the ScoopCoin being offered for purchase by the Scoop team, and the
businesses and operations of the Scoop team, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in certain
instances, their descriptions, have been used in this Whitepaper. These descriptions and assigned meanings
should not be treated as being definitive of their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry
meanings or usage.
Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the plural and vice versa and words importing
the masculine gender shall, where applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa.
References to persons shall include corporations.
NO ADVICE
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice
regarding the Scoop team, the ScoopCoin, the Scoop team token sale, the Scoop platform or protocol and the
Scoop network (each as referred to in the Whitepaper).
You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding the Scoop team and

its businesses and operations, the ScoopCoin, the Scoop team token sale, the Scoop platform or protocol and
the Scoop network (each as referred to in the Whitepaper). You should be aware that you may be required to
bear the financial risk of any purchase of ScoopCoin for an indefinite period of time.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE
No person has been or is authorised to give any information or representation not contained in this
Whitepaper in connection with Scoop team and its businesses and operations, the ScoopCoin, the Scoop team
token sale, the Scoop platform or protocol and the Scoop network (each as referred to in the Whitepaper)
and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on
behalf of the Scoop team. The Scoop team token sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under any
circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has
been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and
prospects of the Scoop team or in any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the
date hereof.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by
the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you
are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this
Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to the Scoop
team.
Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who
otherwise have the White Paper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or
otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor
permit or cause the same to occur.
NO OFFER OF INVESTMENT OR REGISTRATION
This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to
constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme
or any other form of investment, or a solicitation for any form of investment in any jurisdiction. No person is
bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of
payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.
THE ScoopCoin SALE (AS REFERRED TO IN THIS WHITEPAPER) IS INTENDED FOR, MADE TO OR
DIRECTED AT ONLY PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE REPUBLIC OF
SINGAPORE AND MAY BE ACTED UPON ONLY BY PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
AND THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO
PURCHASE ANY SCOOPCOIN IN THE ScoopCoin SALE IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA OR THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE AT THE TIME OF YOUR INTENDED PURCHASE/PURCHASE
OF SCOOPCOIN IN THE TOKEN SALE. YOU ARE ALSO NOT ELIGIBLE AND YOU ARE NOT TO PURCHASE
ANY SCOOPCOIN IN THE ScoopCoin SALE IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN, RESIDENT (TAX OR OTHERWISE),
DOMICILED IN, OR GREEN CARD HOLDER OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR A CITIZEN,
DOMICILED IN, OR RESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No
such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The

publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws,
regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Prospective purchasers of ScoopCoin (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully consider and
evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with the Scoop team and their respective businesses and
operations, the ScoopCoin, the Scoop team token sale, the Scoop platform or protocol and the Scoop network
(each as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any
purchase of ScoopCoin. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Scoop team could be materially and adversely
affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the ScoopCoin.

